# Omega### What is Omega#### The current bottleneck problem of distributed systems, the traditional scheduling method is either not flexible enough, or the efficiency and use efficiency are low, providing a new scheduling method. Omega optimizes these problems.### solution of the problem#### An alternative to Omega is the shared state approach: we grant each dispatcher full access to the entire cluster, allowing them to compete in a freely shared manner and use optimistic concurrency control to mediate conflicts as they update the cluster state.#### This immediately eliminates two problems in the two-level scheduler approach - limited parallelism due to pessimistic concurrency control, and limited resource visibility in the scheduler framework - redo work with optimistic concurrency assumptions incorrectly The potential cost.#### There is no central resource allocator in Omega; all resource allocation decisions are made in the scheduler. Each scheduler gets a dedicated, local, frequently updated copy of the unit state for scheduling decisions. If the scheduler has the appropriate permissions and priorities, even if another scheduler has obtained the permissions and priorities, the scheduler can see the entire state of the unit and have full freedom to claim ownership of any available cluster resources. The scheduler makes a placement decision that will update the shared copy of the unit state in the atomic commit. In the case of a conflict, such a commit will succeed at most: effectively, the time from state synchronization to the commit attempt is a transaction. If the transaction is successful, the scheduler will resynchronize the local copy of its cell state, rerun its scheduling algorithm if necessary, and try again.####The Omega scheduler runs completely in parallel, without waiting for jobs in other schedulers, and there is no internal line header blocking in the scheduler. To prevent conflicts from causing hunger, the Omega scheduler typically chooses to use incremental transactions that accept all conflicting changes (ie, transactions provide atomicity, but do not provide independence). The scheduler can instead use "no transactions" to implement gang scheduling: either all tasks are scheduled together or not scheduled together, and the scheduler must attempt to schedule the entire task again.### Main technique#### Use optimistic locking to increase concurrency, increase concurrency, and reduce fairness, mainly in line with demand### Impression#### Omega is a relatively new system that was born as demand changes. Unlike Omega and Kubernate, Omega exposes storage directly to the components of the trusted control panel. In Kubernete, it is completely domain-specific to provide a higher level of version control authentication, semantics, and policy REST APIs. Contact to serve more users. More importantly, Kubernetes was developed by a developer with more application development capabilities at the cluster level. Their main design goal is to deploy and manage complex distributed systems in an easier way while still passing through the container. Benefit from increased usage efficiency.